s/CPL_INT/CPL_INT_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/EASRE1AD_MOD/EASRE1AD_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/EASRE1B_MOD/EASRE1B_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/EASRE1BAD_MOD/EASRE1BAD_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/EDEALLOC_RESOL_MOD/EDEALLOC_RESOL_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/EDIR_TRANS_CTL_MOD/EDIR_TRANS_CTL_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/EDIR_TRANS_CTLAD_MOD/EDIR_TRANS_CTLAD_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/edir_trans( *($|\(| |\*))/edir_trans_VARIANTDESIGNATOR\1/g
s/EDIR_TRANS( *($|\(| |\*))/EDIR_TRANS_VARIANTDESIGNATOR\1/g
s/edir_transad( *($|\(| |\*))/edir_transad_VARIANTDESIGNATOR\1/g
s/EDIR_TRANSAD( *($|\(| |\*))/EDIR_TRANSAD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR\1/g
s/DIST_GRID_CTL_MOD/DIST_GRID_CTL_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/edist_grid( *($|\(| |\*))/edist_grid_VARIANTDESIGNATOR\1/g
s/EDIST_GRID( *($|\(| |\*))/EDIST_GRID_VARIANTDESIGNATOR\1/g
s/DIST_SPEC_CONTROL_MOD/DIST_SPEC_CONTROL_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/EDIST_SPEC_CONTROL_MOD/EDIST_SPEC_CONTROL_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/edist_spec( *($|\(| |\*))/edist_spec_VARIANTDESIGNATOR\1/g
s/EDIST_SPEC( *($|\(| |\*))/EDIST_SPEC_VARIANTDESIGNATOR\1/g
s/FOURIER_IN_MOD/FOURIER_IN_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/FOURIER_INAD_MOD/FOURIER_INAD_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/FOURIER_OUT_MOD/FOURIER_OUT_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/FOURIER_OUTAD_MOD/FOURIER_OUTAD_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/FSPGL_INT_MOD/FSPGL_INT_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/EFSC_MOD/EFSC_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/EFSCAD_MOD/EFSCAD_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/EFTDIR_CTL_MOD/EFTDIR_CTL_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/EFTDIR_CTLAD_MOD/EFTDIR_CTLAD_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/FTDIR_MOD/FTDIR_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/FTDIRAD_MOD/FTDIRAD_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/EFTINV_CTL_MOD/EFTINV_CTL_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/EFTINV_CTLAD_MOD/EFTINV_CTLAD_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/FTINV_MOD/FTINV_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/FTINVAD_MOD/FTINVAD_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/fpbipere( *($|\(| |\*))/fpbipere_VARIANTDESIGNATOR\1/g
s/FPBIPERE( *($|\(| |\*))/FPBIPERE_VARIANTDESIGNATOR\1/g
s/GATH_GRID_CTL_MOD/GATH_GRID_CTL_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/egath_grid( *($|\(| |\*))/egath_grid_VARIANTDESIGNATOR\1/g
s/EGATH_GRID( *($|\(| |\*))/EGATH_GRID_VARIANTDESIGNATOR\1/g
s/GATH_SPEC_CONTROL_MOD/GATH_SPEC_CONTROL_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/EGATH_SPEC_CONTROL_MOD/EGATH_SPEC_CONTROL_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/egath_spec( *($|\(| |\*))/egath_spec_VARIANTDESIGNATOR\1/g
s/EGATH_SPEC( *($|\(| |\*))/EGATH_SPEC_VARIANTDESIGNATOR\1/g
s/GPNORM_TRANS_CTL_MOD/GPNORM_TRANS_CTL_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/egpnorm_trans( *($|\(| |\*))/egpnorm_trans_VARIANTDESIGNATOR\1/g
s/EGPNORM_TRANS( *($|\(| |\*))/EGPNORM_TRANS_VARIANTDESIGNATOR\1/g
s/EINV_TRANS_CTL_MOD/EINV_TRANS_CTL_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/EINV_TRANS_CTLAD_MOD/EINV_TRANS_CTLAD_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/einv_trans( *($|\(| |\*))/einv_trans_VARIANTDESIGNATOR\1/g
s/EINV_TRANS( *($|\(| |\*))/EINV_TRANS_VARIANTDESIGNATOR\1/g
s/einv_transad( *($|\(| |\*))/einv_transad_VARIANTDESIGNATOR\1/g
s/EINV_TRANSAD/EINV_TRANSAD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/jprbt/TYPEDESIGNATOR_LOWER/g
s/JPRBT/TYPEDESIGNATOR_UPPER/g
s/jprb/TYPEDESIGNATOR_LOWER/g
s/JPRB/TYPEDESIGNATOR_UPPER/g
s/JPRH/JPRD/g
s/ELEDIR_MOD/ELEDIR_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/ELEDIRAD_MOD/ELEDIRAD_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/ELEINV_MOD/ELEINV_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/ELEINVAD_MOD/ELEINVAD_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/ELTDIR_CTL_MOD/ELTDIR_CTL_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/ELTDIR_CTLAD_MOD/ELTDIR_CTLAD_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/ELTDIR_MOD/ELTDIR_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/ELTDIRAD_MOD/ELTDIRAD_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/ELTINV_CTL_MOD/ELTINV_CTL_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/ELTINV_CTLAD_MOD/ELTINV_CTLAD_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/ELTINV_MOD/ELTINV_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/ELTINVAD_MOD/ELTINVAD_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/parkind1/ec_parkind/g
s/PARKIND1/EC_PARKIND/g
s/PARKIND2/EC_PARKIND/g
s/parkind_ectrans/ec_parkind/g
s/PARKIND_ECTRANS/ec_parkind/g
s/EPRFI1_MOD/EPRFI1_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/EPRFI1AD_MOD/EPRFI1AD_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/EPRFI1B_MOD/EPRFI1B_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/EPRFI1BAD_MOD/EPRFI1BAD_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/EPRFI2_MOD/EPRFI2_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/EPRFI2AD_MOD/EPRFI2AD_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/EPRFI2B_MOD/EPRFI2B_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/EPRFI2BAD_MOD/EPRFI2BAD_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/ESET_RESOL_MOD/ESET_RESOL_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/ESETUP_DIMS_MOD/ESETUP_DIMS_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/ESETUP_GEOM_MOD/ESETUP_GEOM_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/ESETUP_TRANS( *($|\(| |\*))/ESETUP_TRANS_VARIANTDESIGNATOR\1/g
s/esetup_trans( *($|\(| |\*|\.h))/esetup_trans_VARIANTDESIGNATOR\1/g
s/especnorm/especnorm_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/ESPECNORM/ESPECNORM_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/SPNORM_CTL_MOD/SPNORM_CTL_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/SPNORMC_MOD/SPNORMC_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/ESPNORMC_MOD/ESPNORMC_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/ESPNORMD_MOD/ESPNORMD_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/ESPNSDE_MOD/ESPNSDE_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/ESPNSDEAD_MOD/ESPNSDEAD_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/etibihie/etibihie_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/ETIBIHIE/ETIBIHIE_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/TPM_FFTW/TPM_FFTW_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/TPM_FLT/TPM_FLT_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/TPM_TRANS/TPM_TRANS_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/TPMALD_DIM/TPMALD_DIM_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/TPMALD_DISTR/TPMALD_DISTR_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/TPMALD_FFT/TPMALD_FFT_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/TPMALD_FIELD/TPMALD_FIELD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/TPMALD_GEO/TPMALD_GEO_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/TPMALD_TCDIS/TPMALD_TCDIS_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/TRGTOL_MOD/TRGTOL_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/etrans_end( *($|\(| |\*|\.h))/etrans_end_VARIANTDESIGNATOR\1/g
s/ETRANS_END/ETRANS_END_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/etrans_inq( *($|\(| |\*))/etrans_inq_VARIANTDESIGNATOR\1/g
s/ETRANS_INQ/ETRANS_INQ_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/etrans_release( *($|\(| |\*|\.h))/etrans_release_VARIANTDESIGNATOR\1/g
s/ETRANS_RELEASE/ETRANS_RELEASE_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/TRLTOG_MOD/TRLTOG_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/TRLTOM_MOD/TRLTOM_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/TRLTOM_PACK_UNPACK/TRLTOM_PACK_UNPACK_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/TRMTOL_MOD/TRMTOL_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/TRMTOL_PACK_UNPACK/TRMTOL_PACK_UNPACK_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/EUPDSP_MOD/EUPDSP_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/EUPDSPAD_MOD/EUPDSPAD_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/EUPDSPB_MOD/EUPDSPB_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/EUPDSPBAD_MOD/EUPDSPBAD_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/EUVTVD_MOD/EUVTVD_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/EUVTVDAD_MOD/EUVTVDAD_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/EVDTUV_CTL_MOD/EVDTUV_CTL_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/EVDTUV_MOD/EVDTUV_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/EVDTUV_MOD/EVDTUV_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/EVDTUVAD_MOD/EVDTUVAD_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/EXTPER_MOD/EXTPER_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/ESPLINE_MOD/ESPLINE_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/ESMOOTHE_MOD/ESMOOTHE_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/EWINDOWE_MOD/EWINDOWE_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/EUVTVD_COMM_MOD/EUVTVD_COMM_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/EVDTUVAD_COMM_MOD/EVDTUVAD_COMM_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/SUEFFT_MOD/SUEFFT_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/SUEMP_TRANS_MOD/SUEMP_TRANS_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/SUEMP_TRANS_PRELEG_MOD/SUEMP_TRANS_PRELEG_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/SUEMPLATB_MOD/SUEMPLATB_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/SUEMPLAT_MOD/SUEMPLAT_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
s/SUESTAONL_MOD/SUESTAONL_MOD_VARIANTDESIGNATOR/g
